electricity robotics arcade game class
project this is an original 1981 moon
patrol game that was given to me in
pretty bad shape a rebuild is necessary
here's the old picture tube in its
original housing here is the original
control board compare this thing to a
handheld game cube an overall side shot
of everything first thing we did was get
rid of that old picture to notice that
the metal bracket is still in place
here's a shot of that bracket removed
all controls removed and cleaned up I'm
utilizing an old computer that I had so
we're going to custom fit the original
bracket to a computer monitor foam
padding installed on the sides for
protection with some screws and scrap
wood we managed to fit the original
bracket to the computer monitor here's
the monitor in the cabinet with its
custom housing front side of the
original joysticks and push buttons and
here's the rear view of these old
controls here's the new controls all
access joysticks and push buttons after
removing the old controls students had
to drill the holes a little bit bigger
for the new controls new controls
getting installed everything fits like a
glove
since I'm recycling some of the old wire
we use the meter to check everything out
a computer speaker will be housed in the
change box area here's a close-up view
of the push buttons with the limit
switch is in place wiring all the new
controls together to communicate with
the computer here's the old computer
tower at the bottom and an old
refurbished multi outlet strip to power
everything up keyboard and mouse in
place we cleaned up and tested the old
player one player to control so I'm
going to keep using those inside the
change box area is the computer speaker
installed in the computer is return of
arcade classics here's the cabinet all
buttoned up lid closed and those
controls blend right in here's my best
friend herb testing the whole thing out
we grew up playing these games currently
he's a doctor and makes more money than
anybody I know and he wouldn't put
quarters in the game to play here's one
of the favorite parts for me if you were
to buy this cabinet from someone else
he'd pay about twenty six hundred
dollars total cost for this project
under three hundred dollars with someone
please tell this guy it's time to go
home